Make deploying the web searcher plugin optional (#517)
microsoft/chat-copilot: scripts/deploy/README.md

# Deploy Hosted Plugins

> > **_NOTE:_** This step can be skipped if the required resources for the web searcher plugin are not deployed. The required resources include a Bing resource that may require an elevated permission, and an Azure Function. The required resources are NOT deployed by default. To deploy the required resources, use the `-DeployWebSearcherPlugin` or `--deploy-web-searcher-plugin` flag when running the **deploy-azure.ps1/deploy-azure.sh** script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** This step can be skipped if the required resources for the web search plugin are not deployed. The required resources include a Bing Search resource and an Azure Function. The required resources are NOT deployed by default. To deploy the required resources, use the `-DeployWebSearcherPlugin` or `--deploy-web-searcher-plugin` flag when running the **deploy-azure.ps1/deploy-azure.sh** script.
```

Don't mention elevated permissions.  That's just something specific to how our subscription is set up. Using another subscription doesn't have this problem.
